Files in the Data folder:

-   Alldata.xlsx: "projected weight Bob" is based on sum of projwt from allshrimp file. bob-residual is projected weight Bob minus total weight. BCI is bob-residual divided by sample_ct. There appear to be some vessel-catch date combinations with more than one bulk sample, and I cannot find a unique identifier for the bulk samples. Otherwise I was generally able to recreate the residuals.

-   allshrimp.xlsx: rework tab has length, age, area, month, year, lots of other info, for each *individual* shrimp sampled (rather than average across each bulk port sample). projwt is the projected weight based on a length-weight relationship (source/equation?).

-   sex_ratios.csv: Starting in 1966, counts by area and month of

    -   shrimp by age
    -   female shrimp by age
    -   transitional shrimp by age
    -   Other derived quantities (I think used in the Charnov papers)

-   allshrimptickets1980-2019.xlsx: Landings data. PRIVATE DO NOT SHARE.

-   age_comp_2014-18.csv: Shrimp age composition of catch by area and month, 2014-2018

-   area_locations.csv: latitude of area breaks and centroid of state areas. Not official, generated by me futzing around with ungraphing software, but close enough.

-   countperpound2009-2018.xlsx: Average count per pound by month, area, and year, 2009-2018

-   Dan_aggregated_Lengths.csv: Generated by Code/lengths_for_Dan.R, average length across northern and southern areas by age, month, and year. Average is weighted by number of samples in each statistical area. Was generated for bioeconomic model that did not happen.

-   Data-CATCHEFF-STATE-AREA_1980-2018-05102019.xlsx: catch (lbs), effort (single rig equivalent hours), and CPUE by year, month, and year. See metadata tab for more.

-   Data-CATCHEFF-STATE-AREA_05222017.xlsx: same as above but fewer years (I think)

-   OR-VPE.XLSX: Methods are fuzzy. M???

    -   Larval release year: year that larvae were released in spring (age 0s in fall catch)

    -   Spawn year: first year spawning (age 1s, year recruit to fishery)

    -   North/South/OR Age X: Number of shrimp that survived up to, and then died, at a given age

    -   North/South/OR VPE: sum of regional age-specific columns for the row, estimate of total recruitment that year

    -   Spawners: Number of shrimp that spawned the row's recruitment. Sums shrimp that survived through to age 2 and 3 from cohort two rows above, and shrimp that survived to age 3 three rows above. If shrimp only survived through to age 1, they died (were caught) before they had a chance to spawn in the fall. Assumes no survival \>3.

-   shrimp age comp and count.xlsx: % composition, count per pound, and sample size by year, area, and month. One row for each port sample collected.

-   shrimp mean carapace length (mm).xlsx: average length by age, month, area, year for each port sample collected.

-   2014-2018 OR pink shrimp.xlsx: length, age, area, month, year, lots of other info, for each *individual* shrimp sampled 2014-2018 (rather than average across each bulk port sample). This data is all in the rework tab of allshrimp.xlsx, which has more years. File is sticking around so as not to break existing code.

-   CC_SSH.csv: data downloaded on sea surface height. I do not know the source! Ahh! Fortunately Ridouan has better oceanographic data to use.

-   Compiled_Lengths.csv: generated by Code/consolidate_length_data.R. Average length (mm) by age, area, month, year. Where individual data available, also contains sample size and sd.

-   shrimp_length_files: one spreadsheet for each year of mean length by area, month, age. Formatted generally consistently but very poorly.

-   X_shrimp.csv: received from R. Bani 7/7/21. Oceanographic variables processed from ROMS model. year = larval release year. Y = VPE? Did not provide metadata explaining columns. I *believe* CS = cross shelf, LS = along shelf, TLT something about temperature, juv vs adult relates to depth range captured from model. (Adult is more narrow range.)

    -   This is a lot of variables for this few years? Do we really want monthly for the whole summer?

-   data_per_state_area: folder of csv files, one file for each oceanographic variable with columns for each state area
